Changes AFTER Panel 1.3.0 release (#75)
holoviz-topics/panel-chat-examples: README.md

**Documentation**: <a href="https://holoviz-topics.github.io/panel-chat-examples/" target="_blank">https://holoviz-topics.github.io/panel-chat-examples/</a>

> PANELS CHAT COMPONENTS ARE AVAILABLE FROM Panel v1.30.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PANELS CHAT COMPONENTS ARE AVAILABLE FROM Panel v1.3.0.
pip install `panel>=1.3.0`
```
